c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiSample.exe.config
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiSample.exe
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiSample.pdb
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\obj\Debug\WebApiSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\obj\Debug\WebApiSample.exe
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\obj\Debug\WebApiSample.pdb
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\sample.xml
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\obj\Debug\WebApiSample.MainForm.resources
c:\users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\obj\Debug\WebApiSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\RazorEngine.dll
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.Formatting.Html.dll
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.Formatting.Razor.dll
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\RazorEngine.pdb
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\RazorEngine.xml
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\t06326a\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApiSample\WebApiSample\bin\Debug\WebApiContrib.Formatting.Html.xml
